gh-126106: Fix `NULL` possible dereference in `Modules/_ssl.c` (#126111)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-10-29-10-58-52.gh-issue-126106.rlF798.rst

> Fixes ``NULL`` possible dereference in ``Modules/_ssl.c``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes a possible ``NULL`` pointer dereference in :mod:`ssl`.
```

I'm not sure you really want to expose which file was modified in the changelog, or do you?
